Come on.
-Come on, boy! (WHISTLES)
-(DOG BARKS)
HERSHEL: Mom! Mom!
Cole has a surprise!
COLE: Guess who this cat dragged in.
Agatha! (CHUCKLES)
Oh!
Can't get rid of us that easy, kid.
Shoulders.
(LAUGHS) I missed you, too, man.
It's good to see you, Mags.
Good to see you, too, Duncan.
I thought you guys were dead.
FROST: We thought the same about you.
When we got to Meridian, we, uh...
well, we figured if you were still alive,
you'd be here.
That him?
-MAN 1: For my family, man!
-MAN 2: Hey!
GABRIEL: Hey, break it up.
-Come on. That's mine, all right?
-I said break it up.
-Come on.
-Everyone calm down.
There's enough food for everyone.
One week.
That's it? In that last run, just a week?
We can make it work.
CAROL: How?
We just took in two new communities.
We have no crops, no back stock.
We can get there.
Got people out there right now,
scavenging houses for materials.
GABRIEL: And they're slowing down.
It's a little hard to put up a wall
with broken tools and an empty stomach.
Our people are good hunters.
Frost and I could take a group out.
Ground's all spent. The last big horde
scared all the animals away.
We can find new territory.
We don't have time. We need food.
Lots of it. Now.
I know one more place.
The place I lived before this.
Where we lived.
Meridian.
It's got plenty of food,
water, crops, and animals.
Yeah, and now it's gone.
So, what happened out there?
We were on a mission.
Leading walkers away.
Duncan, Agatha, and Frost
took the last shift at the front
of the herd. Going miles out.
I circled back with Elijah and Cole.
On the way back home,
things kept going sideways
and we got stuck out on the road.
Looking back now,
I don't think that was an accident.
All of a sudden,
we heard these screams in the distance.
We raced back home.
But it was too late.
Most of our people had been slaughtered.
And the rest of us
barely got away with our lives.
The people that attacked us...
we only knew two things about them.
They come at night,
and by the time you see them,
you're already dead.
That was before we caught one.
Daryl was with me.
He came after us alone.
Why?
Because there aren't that many of them.
They're at Meridian now.
There's plenty of food to feed Alexandria
'til we get this place
back up and running again.
That's why they took it.
We just need to take it back.
So... you're leaving to fight ghosts.
That's the plan?
You have a better one?
Shore up Alexandria, for starters.
The walls are not stable.
Walkers will get inside.
That's not if, it's when.
Alexandria needs us.
This is for Alexandria.
My son is here.
I have skin in the game, too.
ROSITA: Yeah, but if
they slaughtered everyone once,
what the hell makes
this situation any different?
Duncan, Agatha, and Frost
are Meridian's best fighters,
and now I have them.
And hopefully, some of you, too.
Maggie, this sounds like
a suicide mission.
Well, if we don't have food,
it's not gonna matter, anyway.
I'll go.
Anybody else?
All right.
Negan, how much longer
'til we're through the city?
Well, we got about six hours!
We should hunker down,
wait for this to pass!
You don't get a vote, asshole!
DARYL: Ah, he's right.
We need to find some shelter.
No! We don't have time!
We can't stay out in this.
Yeah. Let's go.
All right. Which way?
Not to sound like a broken record,
but I think we ought to take a breath,
hunker down,
and wait for this storm to pass.
You don't wanna go in there?
No, I don't.
I don't give a shit.
Which way?
Yellow line north.
Switch to blue at Reagan National,
then hop the red toward Bethesda.
DARYL: Come on. Let's go.
Hey, can I talk to you?
Why's that?
You think we're buddies or something?
Come on.
Come on, boy.
-ALDEN: What the hell was that?
-(DOG BARKS)
The storm's pushing air through the pipes,
making them groan.
It's nothing serious. We're good.
Know what that noise actually is?
That is God, telling us to turn around.
I'm pretty sure He would have
ran that by me first.
Yeah? The Good Lord direct
your one eyeball to this?
Water-line mark.
That means this tunnel floods
on a regular basis,
like when it rains.
It's bad down here. It's worse up there.
Look, man, all I am saying--
And it ain't working.
You trying to run shit.
Keep moving.
Come on. (WHISTLES)
-Dog!
-(DOG BARKS)
You're in on it.
Eugene Porter?
Yes.
That is my given moniker, yes.
There's no need to be nervous, Mr. Porter.
Not if you're honest with us.
Those who know me,
know me to be an honorable gent.
If you're inferring something
from my manner of speaking, well...
that's just how I roll.
Verbally, that is.
We are Auditors for the Commonwealth,
and you are under Level One Assessment.
If you pass inspection,
you'll move to Level Two.
What if we don't pass inspection?
You will go through re-processing.
What's re-processing?
We should start the assessment.
What did your parents do for a living?
My father was
a mechanical engineer, and...
My mother taught Sunday school.
You mean deadbeat loser number one
or raging prick number two?
What did you do for a living?
I was a zookeeper.
I worked at a music store.
-Lawyer.
-What is your alma mater?
-What's the relevance?
-It's just procedure, ma'am.
I attended Oxford for my bachelor's,
Harvard for Law.
Highest level of schooling?
Three years at
the University of North Carolina.
You didn't graduate?
-I had to leave due to a--
-So, no?
What was your zip code?
How can anyone possibly
be expected to remember that?
From 1978 to 1984, it was 75001.
From 1984 to 1996, it was 76244-0361.
From latter half of 1996 through--
What were the results
of your last routine physical?
Uh... I-I don't think I've had one.
Have you ever been vaccinated for measles?
Would you like the dates?
Any history of cancer?
None.
Tell me about the goiter.
It's a benign growth.
I've had it since childhood.
Where did you get the cash
we found on you?
(SCOFFS) The $2 bill?
Tell us exactly where you got it.
Uh, so, when I was 15, my first job
was at Missy Moose's Pizzeria.
-You know, the--
-You can skip to the end.
When I cashed my paycheck at the bank,
I asked for a $2 bill so I could keep it,
because it was the first money
I'd ever earned.
When we're done with these questions,
can I get my $2 back?
Have you ever been arrested?
No. No.
-Yeah, but it wasn't me. Wasn't me.
-Yes, during a student protest.
-History of drug use?
-Define "drug."
I was a proud founding member
of the anti-drug and alcohol
coalition at my high school.
How many bowel movements
do you have a day?
Excuse me?
-What do you use to wipe?
-Pass.
Why were you at the train station?
I was on the road
with my traveling companions,
Ezekiel and Yumiko--
...for years,
wandering from place to place.
We ran into Princess--
...I helped them out. They loved me.
I decided to stick with 'em.
We were holed up at a place
that had a working radio.
Stephanie and I made a connection.
We wanted to meet,
but my friends were worried, so I--
...pretended like there were more of us
than there really are.
And that's how we wound up
at the rail yard.
So we wound up at the rail yard.
I would really like
to speak with Stephanie.
Do you consider yourself
a fundamentally honest person?
-Yes.
-Of course.
-Hell yeah.
CLARK: Did your mother
work outside the home?
I told you. Grace Baptist Church.
What's the location of your settlement?
You already asked that one.
What was your highest level
of educational attainment?
-CLARK: Location of your settlement?
-What settlement?
Have you run into any groups out there?
We've had some negative encounters.
-How lucky are you and why?
-What?
Location of your settlement.
Do you think this is funny?
Yeah.
Yeah, I do.
Are you in charge?
You've been standing there,
not saying a damn word
like you're the man in charge.
Yeah.
I'm in charge.
Do you think that I fear you?
You look scared to me.
What did you do before the fall?
Let me guess. Asshole beat cop.
That's why this fascist crap
comes so easy to you.
Look at you.
All they had to do was give you
a pumpkin-colored space suit
and you're back to power tripping
with your head up your own ass,
just like before.
You think I was some "power tripping cop"?
The shoe fits. But honestly, I don't care.
You've been asking us
the same damn questions
over and over for seven hours straight.
(PENCIL SCRATCHING)
I've been cooperative.
My people have been cooperati--
Thirsty?
I'm fine.
You told off their leader?
I was asserting myself.
Perhaps I could've
handled it better, but...
I didn't like the way they talked to me.
Ezekiel, do they know--
No. They don't know.
Gonna be fine.
They seem obsessed
with our medical histories.
They might not let you--
I said don't worry about it.
We gotta pull the rip cord on this.
YUMIKO: Yes. Yes. Thank you.
This place is...
I don't even know what this place is.
And does anyone else think
the Commonwealth might not be real?
Yes, Yumiko. Thank you.
I assumed you would think otherwise, but--
It doesn't matter. Never mind.
Time to get out. We gotta--
No, no, no, no.
Please, hold--
hold onto your horses.
Look, they're asking admittedly
strange and intrusive questions,
but in a polite manner,
and this gruel is not
the worst thing I've ever eaten.
Stephanie warned me up front
that her people were uber-cautious.
Michonne, our Michonne
shut people out from Alexandria
for years.
This is a test.
We have to hunker down and level up.
Maybe we should just get honest
with the "heat".
-No. No.
-PRINCESS: Oh, you mean the solider-cops?
Yeah, that's funny. No.
You really want these guys
rolling up to Hilltop
or Alexandria
with their machine-gun swords?
Apologies.
Our people need help,
and I-I think these people can give it.
Excuse me?
Uh, sorry to bother,
but you mind me asking
how long you've been here?
-Four-- Four months.
-Nine.
It's been nine, remember?
Right. Yeah. The-- The re-processing...
But-- But it feels like
things are finally--
I'm sorry. What do you mean?
Wait. Wait!
Wait, no! No!
No!
Stop! Stop!
Wait! Wait!
What did I do?
Where are you taking me?
Re-processing.
Okay, we gotta go.
Oh.
Why didn't it make any noise?
Throat's slashed so deep
it almost severed his head.
The guys we're going after do this?
MAGGIE: No.
These people were killed during the fall.
All of 'em?
What?
We're walking through a mass grave
that could still be in use.
So, I am asking you,
are you sure all of them
were killed during the fall?
Take each one out.
Clear the path.
-Maggie, hold up--
-We're not stopping.
Kid!
Pay attention so we don't miss any more.
Pay attention?
That's it?
That's-- That's your new big plan?
Tell me, Maggie, anything in particular
we should be paying attention to?
I'm real close to shoving
a gag in your mouth.
Well, why don't you get up
on your little tippy toes and try?
DARYL: Cut it out. Both of you.
This kid almost died.
You don't give a shit about that kid.
No, she doesn't give a shit.
She has been playing dictator
since we left,
not listening to me, not listening to him.
Hell, not even listening to you.
We don't know if this tunnel
even has a way out.
Whoever or whatever killed these rot bags
could still be down here.
Has that thought crossed anyone's mind?
Exactly. It has.
So, then this is a death march,
and you are the goddamn pied piper.
Now, y'all wanna roll with
that shit, that's fine.
Knock yourselves out.
But not me. Not today.
I am out.
Me, too.
What?
He-- He's a dick, but he makes sense.
Yeah, we shouldn't have come down here.
We're not splitting up.
It ain't up to you. "Buddy".
AGATHA: Just let him go.
He's supposed to be helping us,
but all he's doing is slowing us down.
-We can't.
-DUNCAN: Why not?
We need him. He knows the city.
NEGAN: Oh, is that why I'm here?
I-I'm your DC tour guide?
What, nobody here know
how to read a goddamn map?
I'll tell you why I'm here, man-tits.
She brought me here to die.
If we get through this,
I'm not coming back.
She'll find a way, she'll find a reason,
she'll do it herself.
Away from the prying eyes of Alexandria.
Here in the jungle.
Man, I really thought you were in on it.
I did.
But see, I can tell from
that glazed look in your eyes,
you didn't have a clue.
None of you did.
You're paranoid.
But I'm right.
Look, you all want to put
your lives in her hands?
Her head isn't even in the game
because I'm in her head, living rent-free.
So, Maggie, me dying on your terms,
it ain't happening.
So, what do you say?
Let's just get her done.
Right here and right now.
Because I am not gonna let you
drag me through the mud,
filth, and slime
to put me down like a dog.
Like Glenn was.
We're down here because up top is death.
We're moving fast
because our kids are starving.
And I'm calling the shots
because that's how everyone voted.
As for me killing you...
It's always on my mind.
I'm not gonna tell you
that you're wrong about me,
because you aren't.
The woman who left six years ago
is not the one standing over you now.
There's a little bit of her left in me,
and that little bit
is the only thing keeping you breathing.
But I don't know
how long that's gonna last.
So keep pushing me, Negan.
Please.
What do you think, Princess?
Princess.
-Princess.
-I'm sorry, what?
Ideas? How to get past the guards.
Oh, yeah. Not yet.
What? What are you looking at?
Livits and Zell are at it again.
What and who-who?
You know, the two
that are always
flirting with each other.
The big guy, Livits.
The skinny one, Zell.
You know their names?
-Yeah.
-You can tell them apart?
-You can't?
-Okay, we're wasting time.
Hold on. Princess,
how can you tell them apart,
and-and why do you believe
that those two are flirting?
Oh, I dunno.
I overheard stuff
when were on the wagon,
and I remember things
about people, you know?
Like, Zell is from Cleveland.
Livits hurt his leg,
so he favors the left one.
Sorsensen smokes.
He doesn't like Garcia.
That's the guy with the bladder problems.
I always used to ask him
if I needed a pee break
when we were driving here.
Oh, and (CHUCKLES) Livits
and Zell are having sex,
but they don't want anyone to know.
They're not
looking at each other.
Yeah, but it's obvious from the way
they're not looking at each other
that they're jonesing for it.
They, uh, change shifts every six hours.
Whenever they're on break,
one of them takes off,
and then three minutes later,
the other one disappears, too.
Gone for about an hour,
mas o menos.
Probably most of the time is spent
taking off their armor.
Oh.
Uh-huh.
CLARK: What was the result
of your last routine physical?
MAN: I don't understand these questions!
What are you talking about?
-(DOOR OPENS)
-WOMAN: Hey!
Where are you taking those two?
Yeah, that's what I'd like to know!
This is bullshit! We have rights!
YUMIKO: Re-processing.
Move along.
EZEKIEL: A wall of the lost.
We have a straight shot
to the back gate, but we gotta go now.
PRINCESS: Yumiko!
-Let's go, let's go!
-No.
Mira.
Isn't that you?
Yumiko!
I...
I have to stay.
Shit.
ALDEN: Need a battery swap.
Gage?
Gage? Roy?
Has anyone seen them?
GABRIEL: They took our supplies.
Ammo clips, rations--
FROST: Oh, great. That's just great.
It's this asshole's fault.
He scared them off.
Shh!
Listen.
All right. Cut them off.
-We'll clear the rest.
-Agatha!
-Blocked.
-ALDEN: Here, too.
Hold this. Let me try.
Fall back! Now!
Go! Go!
-Go!
-MAGGIE: Can we get around it?
It's a choke point.
We don't know
what's on the other side.
Up top.
Go, all the way up.
Go, man. Up top. On top of the platform.
Go. Hurry.
Come on, man, get up.
All the way up to the top. Go!
Come here, boy.
-(DOG BARKS)
-Dog! No! Come here! Dog!
Go. Let's go. Let's go.
Meet me at the next platform.
-Daryl, wait.
-I'll be fine. Go.
-Daryl, wait!
-Dog!
Dog! Dog!
Negan!